Add 'Mbed-OS platfom overview' description to docs directory. (#192)
ARMmbed/connectedhomeip: docs/guides/mbedos_platform_overview.md

perform pairing and Wi-Fi network provisioning operations between the CHIP
device and the CHIP controller. Afterwards, the fully provisioned device is able
to communicate with other devices inside the Wi-Fi network.

For the Bluetooth LE communication purposes, the Mbed-OS platform
application is using [ARM Mbed BLE](https://os.mbed.com/docs/mbed-os/v6.12/apis/ble.html) (also called BLE_API) - Bluetooth Low Energy software
solution which interfaces with the BLE controller on the  hardware target.
ARM Mbed BLE hides the BLE stack’s complexity behind C++ abstractions and is compatible
with all BLE-enabled Mbed board. The Mbed OS BLE_API automatically configuring the clocks,
timers and other hardware peripherals to work at their lowest power consumption.

For Wi-FI communication purposes, the Mbed-OS application is
using internal Mbed LWIP stack and Mbed Socket API together. To integrate it with CHIP
network layer, special glue socket layer has been introduced to take care of
adapting the Mbed socket to BSD interface which is used inside the CHIP endpoints
implementation.

## CHIP integration
The Bluetooth LE and Wi-Fi used stacks provided

> by the Mbed-OS has been integrated with the CHIP stack using a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by the Mbed-OS have been integrated with the CHIP stack using a
```

special intermediate layer.

This layer contains platform-specific implementations of abstract
manager interfaces defined in the CHIP stack. The application is able to use CHIP's platform
agnostic interfaces and no additional platform-related actions are needed to
perform communication through the CHIP stack.

# CHIP example applications

> The ARM Mbed-OS platform provides bunch of ported CHIP sample applications which can be used
> to spped-up developemnt process:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Matter application sample are provided for the Mbed OS platform. They can be used to speed up development: 
```

- shell

> - all-clusters-app

Reviewer: Please add links for these applications.

Author: We decided to not add documentation for `shell` and `all-clusters-app` examples so there is no README.md files there.

Reviewer: Sure but can you link to the application in the source tree ?

Author: Done.

- [lock-app](../../examples/lock-app/mbed/README.md)
- [lighting-app](../../examples/lighting-app/mbed/README.md)

## CHIP stack configuration
In each of supported examples, the CHIP stack can be configured by modyfying `CHIPProjectConfig.h` file
which is placed inside the project directory.

## Mbed-OS configuration

> The Mbed-OS gives possibility to tweak its parameters by using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mbed-OS gives possibility to tweak its parameters by using the 
```

[Mbed-OS configuration system](https://os.mbed.com/docs/mbed-os/v6.12/program-setup/advanced-configuration.html).
The same configuration system can be used to change default hardware target setup used in
application. Additionally, it is the first place for adding support of the new hardware
target support into the application. Mbed-OS configuration system can be accessed by modyfing

> `mbed_app.json` file which exists in each sample project directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the `mbed_app.json` file which exists in each sample project directory.
```

## Build system

The Mbed-OS platform makes use of the following build systems to generate
ninja build scripts:

-   GN - Used by the CHIP project in majority of cases.
-   CMake (+ mbed-tools) - Used by the Mbed-OS user application and other
    components within Mbed ecosystem.

> As a result, CHIP's stack and platform modules are built with GN and the output
> is used to generate the library file. The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CHIP's stack and platform modules are built with GN and output
a library file. The
```

-   CMake (+ mbed-tools) - Used by the Mbed-OS user application and other
    components within Mbed ecosystem.

> CHIP's stack and platform modules are built with GN and output a library file. The application,

Reviewer: Please change CHIP's into Matter's.

Author: Done.
